<html>
<head>
<title>IRC Logs</title>
</head>
<body>
<pre>
Time  Nick         Message
13:02 pdurbin      jimi_c: i see you closed this: koan --virt-image-type ? · Issue #79 · cobbler/cobbler - https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler/issues/79#issuecomment-8594687
13:02 pdurbin      "Just merged in more work to the master branch, which implements a virt driver type (one of 'raw', 'qcow', 'qcow2', 'vmdk'), so I will consider this closed."
13:03 pdurbin      that's awesome, we'll have to go look at master
13:09 jimi_c       yep
13:10 pdurbin      any releases planned?
13:11 jimi_c       i've been moving things into the 2.4 branch, and consider it to be beta
13:11 jimi_c       i'd like to get import signatures in that as well, but would like more testing
13:12 pdurbin      crimsonfubot: lucky cobbler import signatures
13:12 crimsonfubot pdurbin: https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/974460
13:12 pdurbin      jimi_c: for ISOs?
13:13 jimi_c       nope, not that
13:13 jimi_c       https://github.com/jimi1283/cobbler/tree/signature
13:14 jimi_c       basically, the idea is to move all import logic to a new module that reads a signature file, so adding support for new distros should (hopefully) mean only updating the signature file
13:14 jimi_c       https://github.com/jimi1283/cobbler/blob/signature/config/distro_signatures.json
13:15 pdurbin      i don't get it. but don't worry about it :)
13:17 jimi_c       http://pastie.org/4753511
13:18 jimi_c       right now, all of the distros/os versions are hard-coded into cobbler, so for instance when fedora 18 comes out you'll have to update cobbler to a newer version if you'd want to use that
13:18 jimi_c       with the signatures work, all you'd do is update your signature JSON - no need to update all of cobbler + what that entails
13:18 pdurbin      so a signature is like a release? fedora 16 vs. fedora 17?
13:19 jimi_c       yeah if you look at that json link I posted above, you'll see the definitions in there
13:19 pdurbin      why not call them releases?
13:20 jimi_c       because it's a lot like virus detection actually :) so the term signature seemed appropriate
13:20 jimi_c       every release has a unique signature of files/names
13:20 pdurbin      like an md5sum or sha1, you mean
13:21 jimi_c       i've avoided using hashes for signatures, due to the fact that people may do a different roll of a distro
13:21 jimi_c       ie. they may include an updated kernel rpm or something
13:22 jimi_c       usually, it looks for file names, and sometimes it looks for regex strings inside of files
13:22 pdurbin      i'm sure there is wisdom in your choice of the word "signature" but to me it's a release :)
13:22 jimi_c       for example, for redhat distros, it looks for a redhat-release rpm of a certain major version
13:23 jimi_c       well, they are release signatures to me :) internally it all used to be in codes.py
13:24 pdurbin      i guess i don't think about viruses very much... signature updates and all that
13:24 pdurbin      i forget what nessus calls them... the updates
13:25 jimi_c       yeah me too
13:25 jimi_c       anyway, long story short, i think that it will help improve things considerably
13:25 jimi_c       no forced updates just to support new releases is good
13:26 pdurbin      which json link? with the definition of signatures?
13:29 jimi_c       yeah, distro_signatures.json
13:31 pdurbin      oh, i thought you meant the definition of the term "signature"
13:32 pdurbin      in your docs you can just say "a signature is a release" ;)
13:37 pdurbin      anyway, very cool feature. thanks. now to tell my group it's coming!
13:37 jimi_c       i just realized why i chose signatures - it's what they were called internally before :)
13:37 jimi_c       if you look in any of the manage_import_* modules, you'll see an array there named signatures
13:38 jimi_c       but yeah, terminology doesn't matter much to me
13:38 jimi_c       making it work does :)
13:38 pdurbin      hmm, it should, right? ;)
13:38 pdurbin      for usability
13:39 jimi_c       well there is that
13:39 jimi_c       but i don't think it's confusing, if others disagree in the future it can always be changed
13:42 pdurbin      sounds good
13:54 pdurbin      jimi_c: so 2.2.2 at https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler/downloads . i'll keep a look out for a 2.4 release with the new features
14:05 pdurbin      "For discussion: why is devops a cut-n-paste culture when it comes to puppet-manifests chef-cookbooks ?" https://twitter.com/dysinger/status/246795163068928000
14:43 pdurbin      spowers: new! https://github.com/ibettinger/racktables/issues
14:44 pdurbin      my cry was heard :) http://www.freelists.org/post/racktables-users/writing-a-restful-API-in-php-for-Racktables,33
14:44 pdurbin      we really need chassis support from a racktables api
14:54 pdurbin      heh. awesome. sjoeboo just opened 3 issues :)
15:02 pdurbin      jimi_c: any pictures of your #cobbler hat online?
15:03 jimi_c       not that I know of
15:03 jimi_c       i may have one that I took before I left
15:07 jimi_c       http://www.sngx.net/pictures/hat.jpg
15:07 jimi_c       generic image, not of me wearing it
15:09 pdurbin      heh. awesome. maybe it's time for some #crimsonfu merch. if it's not too expensive :)
15:11 jimi_c       i think it cost me $15 on vista print, so not too bad when you compare it
15:11 jimi_c       since I only did the one, if I set it up through cafepress or something it'd probably be cheaper
15:12 jimi_c       my company is talking about going OEL to save money unfortunately :( so not sure if I'd be able to get back to Summit next year
15:13 jimi_c       we'll have to see
15:27 pdurbin      crimsonfubot: lucky company going oel
15:27 crimsonfubot pdurbin: http://www.jeol.com/
15:30 jimi_c       oracle enterprise linux
15:30 pdurbin      !!
15:31 pdurbin      Philip Durbin - Google+ - It's news to me that Oracle Linux is free... "Q: Wait,… - https://plus.google.com/107770072576338242009/posts/j2WQ7bLEFXo
15:32 jimi_c       yeah i know, i'm in favor of going centos if they really want to save money, but being a somewhat conservative financial they want to pay someone for support - even if we never use it
15:32 jimi_c       i think we opened 2 tickets with redhat last year
15:34 pdurbin      in practice i find i fix stuff myself. or ask around
15:39 pdurbin      i haven't interacted with red hat support for a few years
15:51 pdurbin      virt-v2v: No root device found in this operating system image.
15:51 pdurbin      hmm
15:53 pdurbin      What does "no root device found in this operating system image" mean? http://libguestfs.org/guestfs-faq.1.html
15:54 pdurbin      agoddard: you made us rofl :) https://twitter.com/anthonygoddard/status/248447133915701248
15:56 agoddard     :D
16:32 pdurbin      overheard: love me some koan -r &amp;&amp; reboot , screw pxe
16:50 jimi_c       lol... well that's not 100% accurate...
16:50 jimi_c       i guess technically it's not doing a pxe boot to kick things off
16:50 jimi_c       i actually have never used --replace-self
18:15 pdurbin      jimi_c: you should try it :)
18:18 pdurbin      ventz: lunch was fun. whenever you're ready. i'll send you various links :)
18:23 pdurbin      an officemate's UPS is in alarm :( so LOUD :(
19:09 pdurbin      Apple - iOS 6 - iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch get 200+ new features. - http://www.apple.com/ios/whats-new/
19:53 ventz        pdurbin: let's do it friday
19:53 ventz        :)
19:55 pdurbin      all the links are going to be back to logs for this channel :)
19:56 pdurbin      my problems are not new :)
19:56 pdurbin      i've actually been thinking... it would cool if we had an "unresolved problems" area...
19:57 pdurbin      or even an instance of OSQA | The Open Source Q&amp;A System - http://www.osqa.net/
20:09 larsks       Do you think running a local OSQA instance makes since vs. just using one of the existing StackExchange sites?
20:09 larsks       *sense
20:18 pdurbin      larsks: meh. i love those sites but they close my questions sometimes :( http://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/30646/any-alternatives-to-shutterfly-classroom-websites
20:20 pdurbin      Why HPCs hate biologists(and what we‟re doing about it) http://www.slideshare.net/c.titus.brown/2012-hpcuserforum-talk via https://twitter.com/jamesdotcuff/status/248156667525611520
20:21 larsks       Sure.  That teaches us to write better questions :).  We thought about standing up OSQA here but it wasn't clear that (a) there were any local knowledge domains for which it would be appropriate, and (b) that there would be enough of a population to support it.
20:21 larsks       Setting up a local analog to, e.g., serverfault just seems to be a great way of limiting the potential audience of questions.
20:22 pdurbin      larsks: i'm ok with our osqa being upstream to serverfault. or downstream. like a bug tracker :)
21:14 magoo        does anyone else get prompted for a passphrase when trying to ssh to a fresh ec2 instance?
21:14 magoo        i always provision with chef so this is new to me
21:15 semiosis     magoo: that would depend on what AMI you're using... i use ubuntu AMIs which are initialized with my keypair &amp; have passwords disabled by default
21:16 magoo        i'm also using ubuntu
21:17 magoo        so "ssh -i ec2-keypair.pem root@107.23.x.x" is not going to work
21:17 semiosis     the username should be ubuntu, not root
21:18 semiosis     but otherwise yes that should work, if you specified ec2-keypair correctly when creating the instance
21:18 semiosis     it is possible to create an instance without a keypair
21:21 magoo        wow, it took an interesting turn
21:21 semiosis     ?
21:22 magoo        i'm in a terminal window and this time it doesn't error but an osx window pops up "Enter your password for the SSH Key ..."
21:23 magoo        i shouldn't have a passhrase, right?
21:23 semiosis     ssh client will try to authenticate to the server using every private key it has available... if any of those are encrypted, it will prompt you for the passphrase
21:24 semiosis     however if you're specifying a specific key with -i...
21:25 magoo        right, and i'm specifying the keypair file - though i have three and don't know what the distinction is btw keypair and the private file
21:25 semiosis     private file contains the whole keypair, public &amp; private, appologies if i'm being confusing with the terms
21:26 magoo        what's in the keypair file then? you can ONLY help seeing as how lost I am lol
21:29 semiosis     if you mean the keypair file generated by ec2, that has the public/private key pair you can use to log in to your instances (assuming your instances were configured to use that keypair)
21:29 semiosis     so you'd first have generated a keypair, and given it a name... then when you launch instances you choose which one of those, by name, you want to provide to the instance
21:30 semiosis     ubuntu at first boot will configure the default ubuntu user to allow authentication with that key
21:30 magoo        ok, so this is definitely a key problem then
21:30 magoo        i'm going to recreate the server with a new key
21:30 semiosis     did you launch the instance using command line tools, web console, or API?
21:31 semiosis     web console will make you choose a key, but iirc command line tools will allow you to forget that
21:32 magoo        web console
21:32 magoo        i specifically chose the ec2-keypair key
21:32 magoo        but i created that a very long time ago
21:32 semiosis     magoo: just as a sanity check... whats the AMI ID you used to launch?
21:32 magoo        when i provision with knife, it uses its own keypair
21:32 magoo        ami-c7b202ae
21:41 magoo        so i created a new keypair and was only provided one private key
21:41 magoo        i thought I was supposed to recieve more than that
21:48 semiosis     magoo: nah thats it.  when you create a keypair you get one file which contains the private key and public key
21:48 semiosis     you can extract the public key using ssh-keygen -yf private-key-file
21:50 magoo        wow, i don't remember doing any of this - thanks for clearing this up for me :)
21:51 magoo        chef has completely spoiled me
21:52 magoo        finally! i'm in
21:52 semiosis     sweet
22:27 pdurbin      post-outage beer and pizza was fun. among other things, talked about... Artisan's Asylum: Hackerspace Startup Building a 2500+ lb. Rideable Hexapod Robot Named Stompy | Hizook - http://www.hizook.com/blog/2012/05/02/artisans-asylum-hackerspace-startup-building-2500-lb-rideable-hexapod-robot-named-st
</pre></body></html>
